docs: Add note for using proxy_from_environment (#3145)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/cli/environment-variables.md

## HTTP_PROXY, HTTPS_PROXY, NO_PROXY

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> For many {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} components, there is an attribute named `proxy_from_environment` that must be set to `true` for the component's
> HTTP client to use the proxy related environment variables. For example, in the `prometheus.remote_write` component this attribute is found within the 
> `endpoint` block. If {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} does not appear to be respecting your proxy configuration, please ensure the component is
> configured properly to utilize proxy environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For many {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} components, there is an attribute named `proxy_from_environment` that must be set to `true` for the component's HTTP client to use the proxy-related environment variables.
For example, in the `prometheus.remote_write` component, this attribute is found within the `endpoint` block.
If {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} does not appear to be respecting your proxy configuration, make sure you configure the component to use proxy environment variables.
```
